I'm Jacob called his sons gather
together that I may tell you what shall
befall you in the last days gather
together and hear you sons of Jacob and
listen to Israel your father Reuben you
are my firstborn my might and the
beginning of my strength the excellency
of dignity in the excellency of power
unstable as water
you shall not Excel because you went up
to your father's bed then you defiled it
he went up to my couch Simeon and Levi
are brothers instruments of Cruelty are
in their dwelling place let not my soul
enter their Council let not my honor be
United to their assembly for in their
anger they slew a man and in their self
will they hamstrung an ox curse it to be
their anger for it is fierce and their
wrath for it is cruel I will divide them
in Jacob and scatter them in Israel
Judah you are he whom your brothers
shall praise your hand shall be on the
neck of your enemies your father's
children shall bow down before you Judah
is a lion's whelp from the prey my son
you have gone up he boughs down he lies
down as a lion and as a lion who shall
rouse him the scepter shall not depart
from Judah nor a lawgiver from between
his feet until Shiloh comes and to him
shall be the obedience of the people
binding his donkey to the vine and his
donkey's Colt to the choice vine he
washed his garments in wine and his
clothes in the blood of grapes
his eyes are darker than wine and his
teeth whiter than milk
Zebulon shall dwell by the haven of the
sea he shall become a haven for ships
and his border shall adjoined side on a
sacar is a strong donkey lying down
between two burdens he saw that rest was
good and that the land was pleasant he
bowed his shoulder to bear a burden and
became a band of slaves Dan shall judge
his people as one of the tribes of
Israel Dan shall be a serpent by the way
a viper by the path that bites the
horses heels so that it's rider shall
fall backward I have waited for your
salvation O Lord GAD the troupe shalt
ramp up on him
but he shall triumph at last bread from
Ashur shall be rich and he shall yield
Royal dainty's NAFTA why is a deer let
loose he uses beautiful words Joseph is
a fruitful bough of fruitfulness
branches run over the wall the archers
have bitterly grieved him shot at him
and hated him but his bow remained in
strength and the arms of his hands were
made strong by the hands of the mighty
God of Jacob
from there is the shepherd the stone of
Israel by the God of your father who
will help you and by the Almighty who
will bless you with blessings of heaven
above blessings of the deep that lies
beneath blessings of the breasts and of
the womb the blessings of your father
have excelled the blessings of my
ancestors up to the utmost bound of the
everlasting hills they shall be on the
head of Joseph and on the crown of the
head of him who was separate from his
brothers Benjamin is a ravenous wolf in
the morning he shall devour the prey and
at night he shall divide the spawning
all these are the twelve tribes of
Israel and this is what their father
spoke to them and he blessed them he
blessed each one according to his own
blessing then he charged them I am to be
gathered to my people bury me with my
father's and the cave that is in the
field of Ephraim the Hittite in the cave
that is in the field of Machpelah which
is before Mamre in the land of Canaan
which Abraham bought with the field of
Ephraim the hittite as a possession for
a burial place there they buried Abraham
and Sarah his wife there they buried
Isaac and Rebecca his wife and there I
buried Leah the field and the cave that
is there
or purchased from the sons of Heth
[Music]
and when Jacob had finished commanding
his sons he drew his feet up into the
bed and breathed his last and was
gathered to his people
[Music]